README.md, before:

BYU ITCSA's 5th Annual
# Raspberry Pi Competition 📟 🥧

## Introduction
Hello and welcome! 

Do you have any interest in:
* Creating something awesome?
* Working as a team?
* Learning new and practical skills?
* Winning MONEY?
* Having fun?

If you answered "Yes" to any of these, then do we have a competition for you!

<br>
<br>

## What is it?
The ITCSA Raspberry Pi Competition is for anybody and everybody. BYU students from across campus will sign-up and form teams of 1-5 people. Each team will create a Raspberry Pi or Arduino Project and then show it off at the Pi Fair. These projects can be as simple as an LED stoplight or as complex as a rubix cube solver. If you created it, we want to see it!

## Whats in it for me?
Money! And the joy of learning of course. 😉

Projects will be judged by BYU professors and industry professionals. The top 3 projects will recieve prizes.

1st Place - $500

2nd Place - $300

3rd Place - $200


## How do I sign up?
Glad you asked! Fill out the form at [this link](https://forms.gle/7Zn6JhB8y1P67aYL8). Hurry! Sign-ups close on March 4th!

<br>
<br>

# Kickoff Event (Optional)
If you like pizza or are someone who doesn't like to read, then we recommend coming to the Raspberry Pi Kickoff Event on Febrary 8th in CTB 365 from 7-8PM.

We will cover all the details and rules specified here PLUS we will have pizza! Come meet your fellow competitors, learn the rules and chow on some goey warm 'za. 🍕

<br>
<br>

# Rules (Not Optional)
I know. I know. Rules are boring and the thief of fun, but we gotta have 'em to make things fair. After all $1000 is at stake!

## Challenge
Students in teams of 1-5 will design, implement, and demonstrate a physical or virtual system with a Raspberry Pi or Arduino as the central component. The system must have utility, meaning it must perform or aid in the performance of a task. Team submissions will be judged live by BYU faculty and industry professionals at the Pi Fair on criteria found in the scoring section.

## Design Constraints
Teams must use a Raspberry Pi or Arduino as the central computing resource of their finished product. However, electric motors, graphical displays, and other mechanical and non-computing resources are encouraged. For demonstration purposes, web-application products may be demonstrated via a client browser, as long as the service being provided resides on the Raspberry Pi. For questions please email Jordan Ricks (jjricks1@gmail.com)

## Eligibility
This competition is open for BYU graduate and undergraduate students only. Eligibility will be enforced. Projects must have been made in the past year. Projects that have won previously can not be resubmitted. Teams that have won previously are still eligable to win prizes given they submit a new project. To encourage teamwork, teams of one are no longer eligible.

Note: If you have a project that doesn't meet the requirements above, you are still welcome to display it at the Pi Fair. You will not be eligable for prizes however.

## Entry Submission
In order to ensure legitimate projects, a short write up must be submitted before the final event. The write up should include a description of your project, pictures of the development of the project, problems encountered, lessons learned, and the end result of your project. Write ups must be submitted to 192.168.byu.itsa@gmail.com no later than March 13th at 11:59PM. 

<b>These initial submissions are only for the purpose of vetting legitimate entries, no scoring will take place at this stage in the competition.</b>

## The Pi Fair
To be eligible for the competition prizes, entries must be displayed during the Pi Fair on March 14th from 5-7pm. Competitors will demonstrate their project’s functionality with a live demonstration.

<br>
<br>

# Scoring Rubric
This is the exact rubric that the judges will use to judge every entry. Be sure to look over the criteria to maximize your project's points!

Creativity and Utility: 40%
1) Does the project demonstrate ingenuity or creativity to accomplish the task? ____________ /15
2) Does the project do what it claims to do? ____________ /15
3) Does/could the project benefit a larger group? (community, school, company, etc.)
________ /10

Degree of Difficulty: 30%
1) Relative to other competition entries, how technically difficult was the project to complete? ______/15
2) How complex or challenging is the problem or task the project sought to solve or perform? ___________ /15

Presentation: 30%
1) How professional is the presentation of the project? ______/15
2) Does the presentation adequately demonstrate the project’s capabilities? _________/15

<br>
<br>

# Important Dates
### Sign-Ups
 - January 24th - March 4th
 - Sign up [here](https://forms.gle/7Zn6JhB8y1P67aYL8)
### Pi Kickoff
 - Optional
 - February 8th Time TBD
 - CTB 365
### Submission Due
 - March 13th before 11:59PM
 - Email 192.168.byu.itsa@gmail.com
### The Pi Fair
 - March 14th 4:00PM - 6:00PM
 - In the CB Lounge

Commit message:

added bonus points to scoring

README.md, after:

BYU ITCSA's 5th Annual
# Raspberry Pi Competition 📟 🥧

## Introduction
Hello and welcome! 

Do you have any interest in:
* Creating something awesome?
* Working as a team?
* Learning new and practical skills?
* Winning MONEY?
* Having fun?

If you answered "Yes" to any of these, then do we have a competition for you!

<br>
<br>

## What is it?
The ITCSA Raspberry Pi Competition is for anybody and everybody. BYU students from across campus will sign-up and form teams of 1-5 people. Each team will create a Raspberry Pi or Arduino Project and then show it off at the Pi Fair. These projects can be as simple as an LED stoplight or as complex as a rubix cube solver. If you created it, we want to see it!

## Whats in it for me?
Money! And the joy of learning of course. 😉

Projects will be judged by BYU professors and industry professionals. The top 3 projects will recieve prizes.

1st Place - $500

2nd Place - $300

3rd Place - $200


## How do I sign up?
Glad you asked! Fill out the form at [this link](https://forms.gle/7Zn6JhB8y1P67aYL8). Hurry! Sign-ups close on March 4th!

<br>
<br>

# Kickoff Event (Optional)
If you like pizza or are someone who doesn't like to read, then we recommend coming to the Raspberry Pi Kickoff Event on Febrary 8th in CTB 365 from 7-8PM.

We will cover all the details and rules specified here PLUS we will have pizza! Come meet your fellow competitors, learn the rules and chow on some goey warm 'za. 🍕

<br>
<br>

# Rules (Not Optional)
I know. I know. Rules are boring and the thief of fun, but we gotta have 'em to make things fair. After all $1000 is at stake!

## Challenge
Students in teams of 1-5 will design, implement, and demonstrate a physical or virtual system with a Raspberry Pi or Arduino as the central component. The system must have utility, meaning it must perform or aid in the performance of a task. Team submissions will be judged live by BYU faculty and industry professionals at the Pi Fair on criteria found in the scoring section.

## Design Constraints
Teams must use a Raspberry Pi or Arduino as the central computing resource of their finished product. However, electric motors, graphical displays, and other mechanical and non-computing resources are encouraged. For demonstration purposes, web-application products may be demonstrated via a client browser, as long as the service being provided resides on the Raspberry Pi. For questions please email Jordan Ricks (jjricks1@gmail.com)

## Eligibility
This competition is open for BYU graduate and undergraduate students only. Eligibility will be enforced. Projects must have been made in the past year. Projects that have won previously can not be resubmitted. Teams that have won previously are still eligable to win prizes given they submit a new project. To encourage teamwork, teams of one are no longer eligible.

Note: If you have a project that doesn't meet the requirements above, you are still welcome to display it at the Pi Fair. You will not be eligable for prizes however.

## Entry Submission
In order to ensure legitimate projects, a short write up must be submitted before the final event. The write up should include a description of your project, pictures of the development of the project, problems encountered, lessons learned, and the end result of your project. Write ups must be submitted to 192.168.byu.itsa@gmail.com no later than March 13th at 11:59PM. 

<b>These initial submissions are only for the purpose of vetting legitimate entries, no scoring will take place at this stage in the competition.</b>

## The Pi Fair
To be eligible for the competition prizes, entries must be displayed during the Pi Fair on March 14th from 5-7pm. Competitors will demonstrate their project’s functionality with a live demonstration.

<br>
<br>

# Scoring Rubric
This is the exact rubric that the judges will use to judge every entry. Be sure to look over the criteria to maximize your project's points!

Creativity and Utility: 40
1) Does the project demonstrate ingenuity or creativity to accomplish the task? ____________ /15
2) Does the project do what it claims to do? ____________ /15
3) Does/could the project benefit a larger group? (community, school, company, etc.)
________ /10

Degree of Difficulty: 30
1) Relative to other competition entries, how technically difficult was the project to complete? ______/15
2) How complex or challenging is the problem or task the project sought to solve or perform? ___________ /15

Presentation: 30
1) How professional is the presentation of the project? ______/15
2) Does the presentation adequately demonstrate the project’s capabilities? _________/15

Bonus Points: Up to 5 additional points
1) For each unique grade level among your team, you will be awarded a 2 point bonus up to 5 points _________/5
For example:
A solo project will be awarded 2 points.
A project with two Seniors will be awarded 2 points.
A project with one Senior, two Juniors, and a Freshman will be awarded 5 points.

<br>
<br>

# Important Dates
### Sign-Ups
 - January 24th - March 4th
 - Sign up [here](https://forms.gle/7Zn6JhB8y1P67aYL8)
### Pi Kickoff
 - Optional
 - February 8th Time TBD
 - CTB 365
### Submission Due
 - March 13th before 11:59PM
 - Email 192.168.byu.itsa@gmail.com
### The Pi Fair
 - March 14th 4:00PM - 6:00PM
 - In the CB Lounge
